== README

 
Project Name: Chōrus
Team Members: Ayush Jha, Nathan Lee, Andrea Ceballos, Arthur Tonelli

KISS -  Keeping it simple's strenuous. That's why we did it for you. We've packed a V8 under the hood of this lightweight chore tracking app, so your apt goes from zero to spiffy in n occupants. :P
A user will create an account and a unit in one fell swoop. In the introductory version we've begun with an open floor plan, allowing everyone in a unit to add and adjust chores.
Subsequent users will sign up and have the option to create a unit or choose from the existing selection. Their request to join a unit will be pending until any of its current members approve it in the unit show page. They will then appear in the lightning view where all occupants can see a card for each person in the house with the status of their respective tasks.

Design - We encountered major decisions around the shape of login and authorization. Whether a master user would create members in an account and distribute access, or people sign in and then address accounts had large implications on the organization of the backend. With a platform lending itself to auth across the board, we determined that which surrounds an admin to be less crucial in the initial UX.

Technologies:

Ruby on Rails
PostgreSQL
JQuery
Turbolinks
Sass
Bootswatch
Bootstrap
Friendly_URL
RSpec
Heroku

* How to run the test suite

* Services (job queues, cache servers, search engines, etc.)

* Deployment instructions

* ...


Please feel free to use a different markup language if you do not plan to run
<tt>rake doc:app</tt>.
